OSDOCS-16163:known issue with egressIP (#99126)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

----
$ oc adm release info 4.17.33 --pullspecs
----
[id="ocp-4-17-33-known-issues_{context}"]
==== Known issues

> * If an egress IP is moved to a different node while a pod has a connection established to an external system, the pod will not receive any traffic from the external system on the same connection until it sends some traffic through it. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. To keep pods connected, you must reguraly send some traffic through any connection they open via any egress IP in order to keep both directions of the connection working during egress IP failovers. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58355[OCPBUGS-58355])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If an egress IP is moved to a different node while a pod has a connection established to an external system, the pod will not receive any traffic from the external system on the same connection until it sends some traffic through it. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. To keep pods connected, pods must regularly send some traffic through any connection they open via any egress IP in order to keep both directions of the connection working during egress IP failovers. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-58355[OCPBUGS-58355])
```
